hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of a lamp so I
never thought I'd do review on a lamp
just because a lamp is a lamp right but
this one's a little different
it's an old LED lamp made by a Canadian
company and it's one of the first if not
the first readily available consumer
OLED lamps so I've had this phone for a
month it's called an air light here are
my thoughts it comes in a pretty simple
box you open it up there are some
pamphlets and startup instructions up
top and underneath the top tray you have
AC adapter and the light itself so OLED
stands for organic light-emitting diode
and the way these things work is they
take some organic dyes they mix them up
they apply a really thin layer onto a
piece of glass or plastic and then they
run a current through it and when you do
you get this a super thin panel that
lights up so when you have a super thin
panel like this it gives you the
opportunity to design like an entire
lamp based around the idea of super thin
and that's what they did the lamp is
two-and-a-half millimeters thin and even
up top where the OLED panel is it's like
four and a half millimeters the whole
lamp is just like ridiculously thin the
frame is aluminum with a brushed finish
and because it's made from a single
piece of metal it carries the finish all
around and now the one I have here is
silver and you can also get it in red or
black and you can still see the grain of
the brushed finish with the two other
colors it has chamfered edges around the
whole lamp kind of like the iPhone 5 and
newer Samsung phones and I think it
looks really good there's a slab of
walnut wood on the base that has a
wireless charger inside and we'll get
into that later and it's got a black
metal bottom
it feels pretty heavy I'm thinking steel
and underneath it's got four rubber feet
for some grip the lamp is touch
activated so once you plug it in you tap
it once to turn it on again to increase
brightness a third time to reach max
brightness and then to turn it off you
tap it one more time
it works well I mean I love the idea of
it you can tap anywhere on the metal and
it'll register so it's cool for people
to play with when you're showing into
them but sometimes you'll accidentally
touch it and it'll change your
brightness setting and you have to go
through the tap cycle again to get back
to where you want also it doesn't
remember its power setting if you
plug it but rarely gonna unplug this
thing so it's not a big deal now let's
talk about the quality of the actual
light source it's nice I think they did
a great job with the color spectrum I
mean they could have engineered it to be
any color but it's like a warm yellow
hue and it's soft on your eyes so the
color is good but I didn't really notice
any difference in terms of like the
general light quality over an
incandescent bulb I mean the air light
uses way less power I think it uses nine
watts compared to like a 60 watt
incandescent but the light quality
itself felt pretty normal to me it's
better than a fluorescent it's better
than another LED lamp especially a white
LED lamp but there's nothing super crazy
about the light quality now the light
comes from the entire panel so there's
no reflectors there's no lenses it's the
entire OLED panel pushing out light
which is really different from basically
every other light source so this is my
workspace at home and on the very first
day use this lamp I noticed something
kind of cool do you see this reflection
down here this is a reflection of that
OLED panel so on any regular lamp I've
used before the bulb on a traditional
lamp would just reflect off this table
and would be like a single point of
light LED lamps fluorescent lamps even
incandescent lamps there's always a
reflection that's like a single point
and it's annoying so we just stopped
using a table lamp but because of how
the OLED panel is lit the light output
is spread out in a square it's not just
a single point from an LED or a halogen
bulb so this is a lot more comfortable
to use a night in terms of temperatures
the lamp runs pretty cool this is a 20
watt halogen beside the air light and
even though the halogen is not as bright
as the air light it's like 25 degrees
hotter now I think these cooler
temperatures are standard for any kind
of LED lighting not just organic LED the
wireless charging area works well it's a
standard water jawless charger so it's
not like a quick charging pad but it
does support both qi & PMA devices and
every phone I tried seemed to work well
even the Nexus 6 which has had some
issues with other pads it works fine on
this lamp you just got to put it in
sideways so it fits and just for fun I
also tried an iPhone 6 now it obviously
doesn't charge and I have a feeling this
might actually be bad for the charger or
even the phone but it puts on this like
flashing light show that's kind of cool
right there are a few issues that I
don't like the first is that issue I
mentioned before about the accident
touches so for me it happens the most
when I'm putting a phone on the wireless
charger I would often touch the metal
rim by accident and it's a little
annoying but I think it's just the
nature of having a touch controlled
power switch the second thing is that
the neck of the lamp can't extend or
tilt so the default angle and height
works well for me but I imagine there
are workspaces that it won't be ideal
for and that's kind of a bummer and the
last thing I don't like is its price
it's a $300 lamp which is
extraordinarily expensive and this
brings me to my overall thoughts on the
air light when you first look that price
tag it's like geez it's a $300 of lamp
that's really expensive even for a lamp
with wireless charging because you can
go to Ikea pick up one of their new
wireless charging lamps for like 80
bucks or you go to Amazon and spend like
even less like 40 50 bucks and get a
wireless charging enabled desk lamp and
then you realize that those aren't OLED
those aren't unibody aluminum and
they're not super thin so with the air
light you're paying for technology like
futuristic lighting tech it's OLED
technology and you're paying a huge
premium for it so it's not something
that I would just like openly recommend
to everybody out there because it's a
very expensive lamp but I will say this
if you're interested in buying a lamp
just a unique looking lamp that's
functional and it looks good this is
that kind of lamp because it's really
unique and I don't think there's
anything else quite like it at this
point in time OLED technology is really
new now the other thing I think it's
good for is as a gift because if you're
ever in that situation when you're
looking for like a super special gift
for someone that's in that $300 price
range I mean there's a lot of things you
can get out there but if there's
something that you're looking for for
like a techie person this is super cool
it's functional it looks cool and
they've probably never even heard of it
before so I think this is a really great
gift for those people that's the end of
this review hope you guys liked it if
you did give me some thumbs if you loved
it give me some subs it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time